[DOC] Convert Agent doc to Alloy (#3621)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/_index.md

      description: Learn how to install and configure Grafana Pyroscope with several examples.
    - title: Instrument your app and configure the client
      href: ./configure-client/

>       description: When sending profiles to Pyroscope, you can choose between SDK instrumentation and auto-instrumentation using Grafana Alloy. This document explains these two techniques and guide you when to choose each one.

Author: ```suggestion
      description: When sending profiles to Pyroscope, you can choose between SDK instrumentation and auto-instrumentation using Grafana Alloy. This document explains these two techniques and helps you choose one.
```
